Adding documentation for remote index use in AD (#8191)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _observing-your-data/ad/index.md

1. Add in the detector details.
   - Enter a name and brief description. Make sure the name is unique and descriptive enough to help you to identify the purpose of the detector.
1. Specify the data source.   

>    - For **Data source**, choose the index you want to use as the data source. You can optionally use index patterns to choose multiple indexes.

Author: This singular usage sounds good to me on latest revision:
"- For **Data source**, choose one or more indexes to use as the data source. Alternatively, you can use an alias or index pattern to choose multiple indexes."

>    - For **Data source**, choose the index/indices you want to use as the data source. You can also optionally use an alias or an index patterns to choose multiple indexes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **Data source**, choose the index or indexes you want to use as the data source. You can also optionally use an alias or an index patterns to choose multiple indexes. 
```

>    - For **Data source**, choose the index or indexes you want to use as the data source. You can also optionally use an alias or an index patterns to choose multiple indexes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For **Data source**, choose the index or indexes you want to use as the data source. Alternatively, you can use an alias or index patterns to choose multiple indexes. 
```

>    - Detectors also support remote indices, you can utilize the same `cluster-name:index-name` pattern used by [cross-cluster search](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/cross-cluster-search/) or by utilizing OpenSearch Dashboards 2.17 or later to choose the clusters and indices you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Detectors can use remote indexes. You can access them using the `cluster-name:index-name` pattern, as used in [cross-cluster search](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/cross-cluster-search/). Alternatively, you can select the clusters and indexes you want to use through OpenSearch Dashboards 2.17 or later.
```

   - (Optional) For **Data filter**, filter the index you chose as the data source. From the **Data filter** menu, choose **Add data filter**, and then design your filter query by selecting **Field**, **Operator**, and **Value**, or choose **Use query DSL** and add your own JSON filter query. Only [Boolean queries]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/query-dsl/compound/bool/) are supported for query domain-specific language (DSL).

> The following [permissions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/permissions/) are required in order to create a cross-cluster detector through the dashboards UI: `indices:data/read/field_caps`, `indices:admin/resolve/index`, and `cluster:monitor/remote/info`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a cross-cluster detector through OpenSearch Dashboards, the following [permissions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/permissions/) are required: `indices:data/read/field_caps`, `indices:admin/resolve/index`, and `cluster:monitor/remote/info`.
```
